Heya, like i said i have been trying to figure out some interestiong things so far. It took me a week to just figure out my computer and Vm situation as to how it works and how to set up. 
I must have crushed my Pc like 14 times within last week. Here is what i learned: HTB discord filled with bunch of so called "profeesionals" but they are buch of bullies don't join that community,
they are not nice noir suportive to new ppl and when you call then out on their bulshit they will just bully you untill they deside that now it is time to ban you but only after they will have "fun"
with you. My personal intake I wouldn't want ti hire any of those ppl if it was me. Now going back to the point of why I have started this journal so to say ...

So you can set up your VMs on something like RaspberryPi, I own two of the madel 4. One I use to fuck arount the robot usints I have coz it has only 4 ram and the other one i have with 8 ram
so I use that one for building my laptops and other stuff. I made a small very portable brick like looking devise that i will be using strictly for VMs and yes they a bit slower but stull you won't
feel a thing if you wish to improve the idea just get stronger RaspPi with 16 + ram, or I found on Amazon some cook cheap ass mini PC within 200-400 bucs you can ger reliable mini PC that is 
alreasdy equiped with fans and powersup. choises are there. I have learned that you can use old intel mac (I have 2011 i7 crapPro) - I have installed Kali on it and it is flying like you wouldn't 
know this nad is oldfart thinggy. SImple dual boot is awailable on intel mac without the hustle just leatn your boot keys like option control shift and others. I have set up different mac for my
journey so this one is Air 2020 M1 WICH I HAVE CRUCKD so many times this week it is posible to instal Kali on it as a naitive but it isnt worth the hustle it works like it was installed out of the 
ass. Thus, I have figured out the different aproach with would explain why I needed to figure out differnt machine for my VMs. So my mac runs on BigSur wich is old and I only have usb install 
stick that i have cloned of someone so I dont have to buy it. There are tooks available you can order one off Amazon if you don't wish to spent time on it. i had spend way to much time on figuring
my own way that I can say with certainty it is probably easieer to just by it at least for the starters. Nevertheless, I have tried asahi Arch project - don't waste your time on that on coz it is 
out of date and there is no support for it anymore. However, as I am writinf this from mac Asahi Fedora - that is the system OS you want. I believe it could work on other chips higher then M1 on 
the ladder. A.F.OS looks so so good, very funtional alot of options from what I can see and alot of personalizing so my system looks bad ass like I am a hacker from my freams LOL.
I have instaled A.F.OS like 20 times by now 10 out of those it loads not well and some funktions like simple browser wouldn't work. I think it is normal. I have learn that back up is importan 
and can save you alot of time as well. Bakc up your crapple with timemachine before doing anything. I have partitioned my external drive for Mac backups and for LNX (just easier to kep it on 
the same drive for house keeping). Buttom line macs suck massiveballz so over priced for trashy product just because it looks so cute. I will give them a credidt on user friendly use and 
customizations to your needs without tech background is very usable for ppl who is tech inclined wich is their clientel. WHy? coz they won't know any better like ever, they won't need it too.
I wish macs woul'd flow into that sealed BS where you cant do anything with the machine anless it uses macOS. Maybe I will learn it some day why is it that whay but I haven't found any information 
so far as it stays very well hiden for noobs and mortals like me. Signing of for now gonna go do some typing class for myself as I type very slow and can't spell anything for shit.
